Oh, shit! Welcome to Meltdown Comics in Hollywood, California!
Harmontown is now in session. Spencer Crittenden, your Dungeon Master. Spencer.
And the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon!
Thank you! Thank you very much!
Alright, so I threw out my back yesterday.
For real? Yeah, and it hurts a lot, and it's hard to walk.
And today, Erin drew a bath for me, and she, it's my wife Erin, she, it wasn't Erin Sorkin.
I asked him, but...
That's a better story!
Yeah, I mean, his take on it would be too dramatic, too clever.
Just draw me a bath.
What would an Erin Sorkin bath look like, do you think?
It would be ironic, you know, it would be like, it would have a picture of a desert above it, I don't know.
It would improvise what Erin Sorkin's style is.
So she runs me a bath, very nice of her, she puts all these Epsom salts in it, maybe this will help your bad back.
And she's like, do you want me to put some music on? I said, yeah, just put something on.
And she puts on, you know, probably in a genuine attempt to make me feel comfortable, not mockingly.
She puts on 90s alternative hits.
It's like a station.
I'm like, oh, this doesn't make me comfortable with 90s alternative hits.
It's soothing my back and some Epsom salts.
And then it's like a radio station.
And then the commercial on the radio station for the 90s alternative hits is for a hospital that specializes in hip pain.
And that's a real actual thing that happened today, just sitting there in the tub.
And then another thing that made me feel old, but in a good way, was I watched Kung Fury.
Did you see this thing, Kung Fury?
That was another woody in Toy Story moment for me.
The box opening and Kung Fury coming out and me going, oh, I'm retiring now.
I guess that's very presumptuous of me to say.
There's a lot of talent and passion.
You got to check it out. It's very great.
It's like 25 minutes of just nonstop passion for the 80s.
I would never have clicked on it because there's been so much hack shit that has Kung in the title.
It just sounds like something you'd probably nine times out of ten.
Kung Fu Panda.
It's just too much shit. Somebody sends me a video and goes, oh, you should watch this.
It's called Kung Fury.
I'm not going to. I did it because of my bad back.
Really, I couldn't do anything else except watch stuff.
So I clicked on it and then I was just drawn in and it's really, really good.
All you have to do is give it 30 seconds and you're either going to watch the full 25 or not, but it's really good.
It was kind of a coming of age day for that reason.
Because it's like a celebration of 80s VHS, direct-to-video kind of action films,
but simultaneously is like taking advantage of today's technology.
It was kick started by someone who appears to be probably a younger man.
I've never seen him before.
It just felt the obsolescence, my obsolescence emanating off of this thing.
I texted Schrab and said, man, I'm really glad this guy waited to show up until after you and I were validated.
Because if I had been in the break room at Target and seen that, I would have gotten in my car,
driven to the desert, stopped at the first cow skull,
and just gotten out and just started walking.
And I either would have faded down on me walking or I would have just dissolved like Ice Cube and Boys in the Hood.
Meaning I died, I guess.
Ice Cube died, right? That's why he faded away.
Is that Dave Kline?
Hey, Dave Kline, how are you?
I was right. It was Dave Kline.
Dave Kline is sitting in the sweet spot with a camera for the home listener.
One of them pointed right at Dave Kline.
That's right. It's a Klein cam.
Dan, under what circumstances did you hurt your back?
I think I was just like, it takes very little.
I've had a bad back since I was 17.
I come from a long line of bad backs and I do.
Everyone in my family has a fucked up back.
I'd pick it off of a list of things that could be fucked up about me.
I don't want asthma. I don't want certain allergies.
I'll take a bad back, but it makes it really hard to do physical labor.
That's the big downside.
Boo-hoo.
But sometimes if I do too much twisting and bending,
I was rearranging my office and I think I just did a certain combination of things.
And then I tried to get on my inversion table.
I have this Michael Keaton gravity boot thing that usually knocks it out.
But this time maybe I did it wrong or something.
And then I was like, ow, ow, ow, ow.
And I couldn't even play video games. It hurt so bad.
Because that involves sitting up.
You couldn't sit down?
I can barely be standing here. I'm a hero for standing here.
Thank you.
Yeah, let's see a firefighter do this.
Take some time off his jeans-stealing schedule.
These guys can't stop stealing jeans.
That's why they become firefighters.
They're like, mmm, free jeans.
If you're a firefighter and this is your first episode, it's a callback.
I don't believe you stole jeans during 9-11.
I know that's an urban myth.
It's an urban myth that entertains me.
I'm calling back to the joke.
There's also an urban myth that firefighters come to our podcast.
Or they're out there watching on their little fireproof laptops.
Have you seen the Little Caesar commercial where the...
Little Caesars has this ad for this guy.
This is related to laptops.
Little Caesars has this guy because Little Caesars is doing this campaign
to try to convince you that ordering their pizza is easier than ordering online.
They're doing these commercials where it's like,
yeah, man, this is so much easier.
They're vilifying the process of ordering pizza online.
I don't know how they think that that's going to...
One of the commercials I saw today, because I have a bad back,
I was just watching Key and Peele all day and watching these shitty commercials.
There's a guy who goes like, hey, can I get two pizzas?
And his hands are below the counter.
And she goes, yeah, that'll be whatever, a fucking 99 or whatever.
And he goes, thanks, you have no idea how much easier it is than ordering online.
And he lifts his hands...
So he's lifting his hands.
Both of his hands have been thrust through the backside of computer monitors on laptops.
Because it wouldn't read otherwise as a laptop.
The idea is he's been so frustrated with his computers
and such a pussy that he had to sneak up on them.
I was like, I'll be right back.
No, it's because obviously they're in the production meeting and they're like,
oh, but all laptops just look like slabs of nothingness from behind.
Oh, well, we'll just turn around. Julie, can we just turn around?
Yeah, yeah, just give me a second, we'll turn around.
Nobody was like, the actor's like, I don't fucking care, I'm on a pizza commercial.
I already want to kill myself.
I'm not going to argue with these people.
I'm not going to be the actor that had to do a pizza commercial
and was high maintenance about it.
I'm just going to do this and get out of here.
The idea being that he tried to order online and his hands went through a computer?
Well, because I'm assuming the idea is that he was trying to order a pizza online and couldn't.
And then he told his computer to turn around.
Look over there.
I mean, the idea is that he would have punched in frustration,
but it looks like his computer was so ashamed that it couldn't order pizza for him
that it went down to the river like Lenny of Mice and Men.
And he sympathetically, euthanistically dispatched it.
And he's just saying to the lady, it's much easier to go through little Caesars.
And then during Key and Peel, which is awesome, I saw a bunch of Key and Speel,
buried sketches that I have.
It's nice when you go through a spate of not watching Key and Peel,
you get to catch up with a lot of...
These guys really go for it.
We should have watered both of them on the show, he said.
He said flagrently.
Yup, we got a yup.
Do we have a yup?
The yups have it.
Yeah, but it probably has to be one of them, they hate each other.
They won't work together.
No, that's kid in play.
Oh, that's right, that's right.
Wow.
No, but they did voices.
Was he right?
Did you confuse kid in play?
No, you just confused my joke for realsies.
You're seeing double and one thing is the joke and for realsies are separate
because you're seeing double, so you're looking at the for realsies.
Focus on the joke half of your vision.
They did voices for Rick and Morty, which I...
Adult Swim didn't want us to talk about all the guest voices,
but like 20% of our second season is leaked online,
so you already know that they did voices.
Unless you're one of these wonderful people who...
And I don't even...
I mean, I appreciate the sacrifice.
I think people are tweeting me going,
the two episodes that we sent out to press are leaked of Rick and Morty,
and I'm not going to watch them until the date.
I'd be with you, I think.
I mean, I also don't...
I don't fault anybody for doing it,
but I don't care about the politics of it.
I would just say from On Justin's behalf
that we'd rather be finished with the episodes when you watch them
and we'd rather you see them with the sound mixed and stuff like that.
We're doing it for Justin.
All right, good.
Hashtag.
And there was another commercial during the Key and Peels.
So, okay, so, all right, so I'm 42.
So a lot of this show is about me being open and honest
about my racially obsessed 70s upbringing,
the brain that's resulted in like,
I'm struggling with a post-racial, a millennial generation,
and I'm not...
I think the second half of a proper life should be spent
realizing how wrong you were for the first half,
and I'm loving it.
That's what this show is about to a large degree.
I'm going to therapy now.
You heard me swear off therapy,
and I'm never going to like giraffes, but like...
But so I'm confused about this one.
So I'm watching Key and Peel,
and then this McDonald's commercial comes on.
I thought we stopped doing this.
I thought this was like an 80s, 90s thing,
and then we got embarrassed about it,
the transparency of it, and stopped doing it.
Maybe this is post now.
Now it's like, well, why not do it?
It's just like we're still doing the wrapping
all Black people McDonald's commercials,
the separate but equal McDonald's commercials
where it's just all Black people,
and the announcer's Black, and everyone's Black,
and everyone's unified by Blackness,
and loving McDonald's,
and I can't figure out how I feel about it anymore,
because we used to unilaterally go,
well, this is ridiculous.
This is a holdover from a time when we thought
that race separated people,
and that advertisers were catering to it,
and now I have no idea how to feel about it,
because they're clearly young and beautiful,
and if I was part of a stereotype
that made me look sexy
and have a good time all the time
when I was eating my cheeseburgers,
and I saw the commercial, I might go like,
well, now I want a cheeseburger,
now that you're telling me white people
do their white thing,
and part of being white is looking good,
and jamming out, and like,
it's just like, it comes out, it's like,
250 for a burger and fry,
double, double, double, fry, fry,
double, double, fry,
and it makes no bones about it,
it's not disguising it anymore,
it's back to the 80s, like 80s was like that,
it was like they would just have a commercial,
it was just like, it was just fucking like crazy,
it was like, yo, you want to get a burger,
get a whopper, a whopper, please,
I want a whopper, whopper with all my cheese.
And it was just black people just biting into burgers,
and they're just like, huh,
and it's just like there's an elephant in the room,
it's just like, hey, your race is different,
but you should buy our product anyway,
and so then I think in the 90s
it got a little more subtle, maybe?
Someone told me about, have you seen this commercial?
I think we must have talked about this commercial
on this podcast, the Coors,
I think it's a Coors-like commercial,
the Silver Bullet people, right?
So there's this commercial,
we had to have talked about this,
the commercial opens up,
this is the 21st century that this commercial is,
there's like courthouse steps,
they're just like a skyscraper steps,
and a multi-ethnic group of young executives comes out,
and they're like, they just finished work
in one suit, and they're like kind of congratulating each other
on a job well done for capitalism that day,
and the Asian lady walks off,
and the white guy goes his way,
and there's probably a Latino guy
although we're lagging there,
but at any rate, we follow the handsome young black executive,
and he goes, and then it goes to a special train station
that he goes to,
and I think it's all black people on the train platform,
and then the Coors-like Silver Bullet train pulls up,
and it opens up, and inside is a crazy black party
on like a Buck Rogers set,
that's like with dry ice and like holograms,
and just all black people just grooving out,
drinking Coors-like, and he gets in it,
and it just goes away, and it's like,
hey, you're black, you have a secret life,
make our beverage a part of it,
like why not?
How do we...
How do we feel about this?
I mean, I guess it's not how do we feel about it,
it's how does the average...
The sales of the commercial is targeted strictly at an audience,
it goes like, yeah, you're a black guy,
it's cool to be a black gal or a guy,
like, you know, cheeseburger, have a Coors-like?
We certainly don't want to live in a world
where anything's against the law,
but we're just talking about like what's...
Could there be a commercial where...
What's respectful?
There should be a commercial where the black guy leaves,
the multi-ethnic capitalist,
goes down a secret train platform,
gets on an all-black dry ice train,
and then a white guy gets on the train,
and everyone's like, oh, shit!
Everyone stops for a second,
and then he holds up a Coors-like,
and they're like, yeah!
Yeah!
Exactly.
I think that...
What's the messaging there?
We know you know about the black secret lifestyle.
Make this beverage part of it.
Yeah, their slogan is, Coors-like.
Is he cool?
The funny thing is that as a TV writer,
the line doesn't seem crystal clear to me,
but it's...
I'm more forgiving of that when it's not an advertising,
I guess because advertising all seems toxic,
so I don't blink at a black sitcom,
like the idea of a nice blue collar,
like, he's a working man, and he's got a family,
and of course you don't have to diversify your all-black cast.
I don't know, I just swallow that all down and go,
well, yeah, what else are we doing?
Who cares? What the fuck?
We try to reflect life and try to cater to an audience.
But when McDonald's does an all-black commercial...
Somehow it just makes me feel...
I guess because all commercials are already,
even just a regular Pringles commercial with a rainbow cast
of people not popping or stopping or whatever they do,
and the librarian saying...
They're popping and not stopping.
No flavor in this library!
Shh! What's going on?
Who's having flavor in the library?
Titties. Glasses off, titties.
Because fuck women, fuck them.
I am so offended by the racial non-homogeneity
in commercials, but hey, if you want to sell me a beer,
put it right between a pair of tits of any color, really,
because I don't see things through that lens.
I'll look at a big, round pair of fake titties of any color.
I'm progressive.
What is going on?
Go on.
What?
I don't know.
When you see an all-black McDonald's commercial,
what is your instinct, what is your reaction to that?
I go, Jesus, that's embarrassing and awkward, that's fucked up.
Do you think a black person thinks that's embarrassing
that they're being pandered to?
I don't know, and I'll tell you what we're not going to do.
We're not going to ask if there's a black person in the audience
and then bring them up and have them speak for all black people.
Because I just don't want to do that to that person.
That person has a right to feel however they feel.
I'm talking about you.
I look at it and I go, we talked about this last week
about how I confessed about my weird white perspective
on these issues that doesn't quite matter and yet matters a lot,
should be reflected upon.
That's how my feelings matter.
It should be me looking at myself and going,
why does this make you feel this way?
The complicated thing is that all of my feelings
have to do with perception of the other.
When I see the commercial come on, I immediately go,
I think my first emotional impulse is,
if I were black, this would make me feel angry.
This would outrage me, yes.
It would make me hate society, yes.
Because I would be going, what do all these people have in common
and why is this corporation telling me,
why is this a hook?
Why are they considering my race to be?
And then simultaneously also saying that my race is necessarily,
of course it's fucking hip hop music.
Of course it's, in the announcer,
he's not an uptight black guy.
They exist, but it's like the voiceover role is like,
I don't know, the fucking voiceover guy in the McDonald's commercial is like,
hey, you know what time it is.
It's like, it's always get that oozing with fucking nighttime DJ sexuality.
I don't know, on one hand it would be like,
Maybe the commercial is not targeted towards black people,
but to white people, like, oh shit.
That's actually a really good point,
because they're all very attractive black people.
Maybe the white person that's behind you is like, fuck society,
I'm gonna do it, black people too.
I'm so angry at white corporate America,
I'm gonna go eat a fucking Big Mac
with my thin little white lips, nibble nibble nibble nibble nibble.
Look at me, Ray Kroc.
Are you angry at White House?
Mmm, chicken McNuggets.
Anyways.
But there is another part of me that I said,
like I said, because it's not like,
it's not negative stereotypes in the commercial,
it's you're fun, you're sexy, you're having a good time.
I don't know, it's weird.
I don't think anyone likes being defined.
I think if they had a commercial that said,
like, hey, you're blonde, come to McDonald's,
like, blondes have a good time,
like, you know how blondes are.
After work with my blonde friends,
I'm in the mood for one thing, chicken McNuggets.
But so many commercials are all white people.
You don't feel that that's insulting to white people?
It's unanimously white people in a commercial?
I don't think you can insult white people.
I don't know how to do that, except to call them racists.
Mario at the drying room, I'm giving him credit for that joke.
He said, because we were talking about race,
because I was in there.
And Mario, if you ever go to the drying room,
is that big guy Mario behind the bar.
He's Cuban, yeah.
And he goes, you know what they say about white people, Dan?
I said, no, he's like, you can call them honky, cracker,
peckerwood, just don't call them racist.
I was like, you're right, that's the only thing that offensive.
They get all Brent out of shape.
I'd love to be called peckerwood, that would be amazing.
It would make me feel struggle.
Yeah, I am a peckerwood.
Are you afraid?
Of my wooden pecker?
You should be.
I will mortgage your house and then lie about it,
and foreclose, because I am manipulative and racist,
and I'm a peckerwood.
Careful.
What's the McDonald's commercial targeted just towards peckerwood?
That knife holds hard because it curves to the left.
So you pick your three wood and you hold your breath
and you swing for the clouds, but you know that your stomach is empty.
I can't believe they got Bob Seeger to that commercial.
Hey, tomorrow's Wednesday, and as all white people know,
it's secret, no work day.
So come to McDonald's, there won't be any black people there.
And that commercial, what if one black guy walks in on that day?
And then he holds up with McNugget and we're like,
Get in here!
All right, so speaking of outrage,
so I'm playing Arkham Knight on the Xbox,
and after that, so I've played all three of the Arkham games
and then realizing like, holy shit, Alfred as always is helping a lot.
He helps a lot, Alfred.
Like, he's the point man.
He's like, you know, he's like,
So you should know that those fingerprints belong to the so-and-so.
Like, he's working a full-time job, like running prints
and going through crime databases and stuff.
And it's just like, and he does that in the movies too,
so it's not just the video game,
but it's like, it finally just occurred to me
because I was playing Batman and once again Alfred is like,
Should I send the new Batsuit, sir?
Like, thank you.
And he's like, you'll notice the Kevlar plating is a little bit of a tweak.
And I'm like, yeah, thanks.
And then I'm like, okay, will there be anything else, sir?
And then I was like, yeah, oh, well, the sink is filling with dishes.
Like, you're, you are a fucking butler.
We can't hire anymore help because every time you touch a goddamn Shakespeare head,
the fucking bookcase turns into a scuba vehicle.
So we can't, I guess at me and this 900 room house with one guy,
I just think like Alfred like must be pretty pissed off.
Like talk about a guy with, you know,
that like you must spend his nights like punching walls because,
because Batman comes home and goes like, thank you.
And then Alfred's like, okay, well, he probably every night goes like,
like sends these big hints like, well, if there's nothing else,
then I guess I should, you know, while this was all going on,
while I was coming up with that antidote for the neurotoxin,
I did like, I forgot to sweep up the pantry.
So I guess I'll go do that.
And then Bruce Wayne's like, okay, cool.
He's his butler for real.
It's not like a fake like thing.
Like, like he's, his boss is a guy who pretends to be a bat,
but he can't, he can't even be a fake butler.
He's not even allowed.
So do you think maybe I could have an alter ego?
Maybe by day, I'm not a fucking butler.
It's crazy.
White people have it hard.
Not on Wednesday.
You've been polishing Bruce Wayne's candelabra
and helping him fight poison ivy,
but your lips are smacking for that salty taste
of a deep fried string of processed potato-like substance.
All right, well, is it, hey, is, is, is Curtis here yet?
No.
Okay, the fucking guy telling you.
Stay nice.
Stayin' fucking nice.
You know we have no show other than that.
Spencer, how's it going?
Hey guys, I'm, I'm doing just good.
Let's, uh, oh, so someone, I'd assume a fan of Harmontown
sent me a Super Nintendo game, I think,
anonymously, it was Mega Man X3.
It's worth, like, a lot of money.
So, I should've mentioned it weeks and weeks ago,
but thank you very much.
Sorry, sorry everybody.
Now, now to today.
I was driving by a place called Kabob Time,
and it's all, I guess already you know the marketing's not
very strong at this location,
but Kabob Time had assigned a subtitle, if you will,
for the restaurant, which I don't know if that's common.
I guess that's kind of common for restaurants,
but he said, no heartburn, exclamation point,
which is very interesting tactic for advertising.
It's like you don't see that elsewhere,
like Denny's not poison, or like...
It's also totally irresponsible.
They can't say that.
Yeah, that's completely down to your own constitution.
Like...
That's like that yelp doctor saying,
you definitely have A.G.D.
Well, yeah, I mean, I guess it would be like
if they were like no cancer or like something,
you can't determine these things.
Cancer's not a good place to go.
Found that out.
Hey, I have a new segment.
Do you?
Dan, if you don't have a segment, don't lie about it.
It's called Uber Confessions.
Uber Confessions!
Sometimes you're in a car, but you don't want to drive
because it's too far, or you're too drunk
so you have someone else drive you.
And they're Armenian.
My first Uber Confession...
I have two Uber Confessions tonight.
My first Uber Confession is that every time
someone drops me off at my house and says,
you have a beautiful home, my first reaction?
Panic.
That's my first confession.
Value my candor, don't punish me for it.
My second Uber Confession is that I just finally realized
I was looking down at the bottom tabs.
I've been using an American Express card
to call Ubers since I decided to not buy a car,
which was a long time ago,
and I have been fucking flat.
There's a little tab down there with the American Express card,
and it says, pay with this card,
and then I notice another tab next to it that says,
use points.
I'm like, use points.
I click on it.
I have 1.07 million membership rewards points,
which translates to $10,766 worth of Uber rides.
Which means I haven't done the math,
but I can never get a car.
Because of all the money I've clearly blown on Uber,
it now means I'll be blowing even more money
if I don't use all these points.
And those are my Uber Confessions.
Yo, it smells like cologne in here.
Is there a button?
A no cologne button on the app, please?
A no cologne button.
Oh, now it smells like cigarettes.
A no cologne button, that would be good, right, buddy?
Like, park your car with a valet,
and you get in your car,
and the valet guy gets out,
and my car smells like your cologne
for the rest of time.
That's an occupation where you should not be allowed
to wear all the cologne.
It's unregulated, man.
A flight attendant should not be able
to wear all the perfume or cologne.
I was in a southwest flight where a woman
had so much cologne, I moved to the back of the plane
because I couldn't breathe,
and I called the FAA and had her killed.
Which I thought was too far.
Well, at least you're...
I did regret it.
Also, I lost my voice today
cheering for a U.S. women's soccer team.
So, speaking of feminism,
Aaron hired a guy to clean out our garage today
because there's like a lot of...
That is feminist.
There's a lot of like...
The glorious denim of hiring people.
The garage of my home is like...
The back and side walls are all dirt,
as high as the garage's roof.
It's kind of like an underground garage.
Years and years, the house was built in 1929,
humble brag, not a humble brag, just a brag.
All the water has just been slowly seeping
into the walls of the garage,
and the things are ready to fall apart.
But I had so... Spencer helped me hire
these landscaper guys,
like dig these trenches and these steel...
Anyway, that's not really important to the story.
I think it is.
We got the garage, which always...
If you went in there and took a whiff,
you'd be like, I'm certainly going to die of black mold.
Like, oh, by the way!
Wait!
Everybody get out.
If they can come back in,
we're going to start the show over.
What was her name, the poor young lady,
the actress that she...
Brittany Murphy.
Do you guys read about that?
It wasn't as publicized.
I keep spitting on you, Willie.
You're in the splash zone, sorry.
It's just vodka for my mustache.
Like, I took a bath today.
Epsom salts and vodka.
And just a little bit of a...
Key and P...
Fraud complex.
Just a hint.
The...
Everybody kind of characterized...
Oh, she died and was kind of characterized
as drug overdose and stuff.
Her husband died.
They had black mold in their shower.
They died of the same thing.
And because they...
I mean, fucking horrible.
And terrifying.
There's nothing good about that.
There's no silver. Try to find the silver lining of that one.
What's really terrifying is the symptoms
of mold poisoning
can lead from, like, anything
from, like, headaches to stuffy nose
to, like, bleeding eye sockets
and then death.
And so it's like, oh, I have a headache.
Oh, I'm dead.
Like...
Like, just normal maladies.
And you go out knowing
that if you're me, for instance,
that everyone's gonna go, oh, he was an alcoholic.
Like, that's what killed him.
And I'm like, no, Mike, that's...
You guarantee I will haunt your asses.
And I'll be, like, pointing at the black mold.
And everyone will be like, oh, it's Dan Harmon.
He's...
There must be gold buried over there.
No, it's black mold.
It's not gold.
You can only hear tea.
Texas, there's oil in the back.
That's why ghosts are so misunderstood.
You can only hear their vowels.
They're not saying boo, they're saying...
They're saying drew.
They're saying chew.
They don't want you to choke like they did.
20 times, it seems excessive, but...
The ghost is just murmuring at me.
All right, black mold.
So, yeah, so you would go in my garage
and be like, oh, God, this is a death trap.
So we sealed it off on the outside.
Big, expensive landscaping job.
And then because we did that now,
today, Aaron hired a task rabbit,
I'm familiar with this,
to come and, like, help clean out the garage.
So he goes up, so there's a bunch of stuff
in the storage there, big cardboard boxes
full of stuff that we've put into cold storage up there.
All water damage, because of the water it's seeping through.
So I wasn't down there,
Aaron came up and reported this to me,
that the guy reached up, touched the first box
on the top left, and it disintegrated in his hands
and a thousand porn magazines just...
flooded, like, Stanley Kubrick's blood elevator, just...
just nothing but, like, 10 years
of pre-internet obsessive-compulsive hoarding of porn.
Yup.
I was trying to explain to Aaron,
I was like, you don't understand,
she's 12 years younger than me,
I'm like, before the internet,
you never knew if you were going to see this lady again.
And she's like, then why buy more?
And I'm like, well, because you're done,
and then you need more.
Why put it in a box?
Because I put it in a box before the internet.
And the funny thing is,
I realized, like, yeah,
because then remember, guys my age,
like, when you first started,
like, really, we all had, like, a folder,
you know, somewhere hidden away,
where it was like the same instinct,
it was like, you got to hoard this porn,
but it's everywhere, and it's like,
do you realize the reason that folder is so full
is because the porn will never end
and you don't need it?
And now, finally, I've caught up with the rest of the world,
we're all like, we're just awash in porn,
like, why would you ever save anything?
No, why do you still have those boxes?
Why not, like, throw those out?
Because not only were those boxes filled
long ago, they were also, like,
packed away long ago, so there were just boxes that were,
those boxes were,
those boxes were still sealed,
you know, before I moved into that house,
and then it just, just take the boxes with you.
You had a folder, like a little,
like, manila folder,
that was pieces of porn that you had torn out.
Yeah, because I would try to console,
like, okay, it's like,
it's like archiving your hard drive
or, like, compressing it, like a zip file.
Like, okay, well, what's really,
well, let's get all the redheads out of here and,
like, it's becoming,
it's becoming a space problem,
it's becoming an actual physical space problem.
You had a closet that was, like,
floor to ceiling, just playboys
and stuff, but you had this one,
like, pretty full manila folder,
so I was leafing through it,
I'm like, wow, you were like redheads,
like, what?
You were like, oh, fuck, I do.
Yeah.
I just went with my guy,
and they're all redheads.
It's, you know, it's face blindness,
you go like, oh, their hair is, I noticed that.
I go by hair and eyebrows.
I didn't know there was Dave Kline,
we were arguing, so he was on the camera,
is that Dave Kline, you know,
or any guy with blonde hair and a beard?
Because it could be anybody.
And if Dave Kline had dark hair,
if he had red hair,
he'd be in your folder.
Pleaded skirt.
Like, let's give him a little something.
The,
I was watching True Detective
and Colin Farrell has a mustache,
and then there's that one flashback
where he meets Vince Vaughn
and he doesn't have a mustache,
and he doesn't have a mustache now.
Oh, it's Colin Farrell,
just without one thing above his lip,
and I'm just like, static.
Because he doesn't have, I need,
all my friends look weird.
Like, Jeff, where's those suits for a reason?
Like, I go by props,
I need you to have like a hat,
or like a monocle, or like crazy thick eyebrows.
Are you saying that I wear suits
so that you recognize me?
Yeah, yeah.
I think you unconsciously know that you will,
I always thought you were a narcissist,
but that's too far.
That's too fucking far.
I'll prove I'm not a narcissist
by taking a backseat
to our guest, Curtis Armstrong.
I saw it.
Also Dan, before we say hi to Curtis,
I want to say thank you
for that great feminist tale you told us.
Speaking of feminism,
I have a lot of porn in my garage.
You're really on top of my,
are you like my jokes agent?
Hey, look at this joke!
I said women's soccer,
you said speaking of feminism,
you told a story about having a lot of porn magazines.
Yeah, funny.
Funny.
Because it's not feminism.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
Jeff loses his sense of irony
when he drinks a little bit.
Remember when he was so angry about chain zingers?
Still am, still am, Dan.
I'm too drunk to even talk about it right now.
Sorry, Curtis.
That's a rude way to bring out a guest.
No, it's a fine way. I'm used to it.
I was also thinking,
because of porn in your garage,
because I kept
porn in my garage at one point.
Did you ever have that conversation with your wife?
I did, actually.
But the thing that people don't realize,
especially if you're with someone
who's a lot younger than you,
is that it used to be difficult
to get porn.
You had to go into a store
and face a person.
And sometimes it was a young woman
like your own age
who was working in the store
and you had to buy your porn
and actually look at someone
as opposed to doing it in the privacy of your room.
I never saw that.
I did.
My guy was always like a really horrible...
Like a Vietnam event with a cigar in his ear.
I always thought they kind of
profiled for those jobs
because I always dreamed of that.
But it never worked out that way.
It was like there was always the guy
with the bad, horrible face
and the drool who was there most of the time.
And then when I would go in
to get my penthouse,
it would be somebody like a 19-year-old woman.
That's just bad business
at an adult bookstore.
Oh, I never went to adult bookstores.
I would only go to regular
bookstores that had the section
in the back where everything was covered up.
I think you grew up in a bigger city than me.
That's possible.
That's something that can sustain that in their economy.
But I kept them for years.
I found them constantly...
After a while, I didn't want to go out
and buy them anymore, so I just
used the same ones over and over again.
Right, you can use them.
Someone should study this.
And no one ever will now because we're now in this digital age.
It's sort of...
This is anthropology we're talking about now.
But there's some kind of useful data there
about the human mind, the male mind,
the sex driver, something in the visual
relationship with it, because
to study how big does the pile
have to be, assuming
one wank a day...
One?
As if.
I'm just making simple numbers.
Okay.
As I was jerking off in St. Ives,
I met a man with seven brides.
The...
I don't want to get into that situation.
See, how tall does the pile
have to be, the theoretical pile
before the stuff on the bottom
becomes new again
for a guy?
That's a good question.
Because that phenomenon would happen...
There were times when I would think,
why are you doing this? You're a hoarder.
You're a weird hoarder
and an addict,
and you're keeping this stuff
some strange, but then
sure enough, at some point, the hoarder's
worst nightmare is
like, oh my god, what if I need that ball of string
or something, and you're like, oh my god, what was that?
What was that one?
What did that lady look like? She was playing the pinball machine.
She had the cobra boots
and then if you can't
find it, it's like a panic.
You're like, Margaret!
Yeah.
And what I found was that they were usually,
the ones that I had were
generic enough
that I would have to make up whole stories.
So
after, I didn't need that big of a pile
because it was actually a great
exercise
in storytelling
basically that
after a while
I'd go back to the other ones and then
it would be a whole new story. She'd be French now.
I'd met her on a train.
And now it's just a big free-for-all.
I know. Now it's so easy.
You kids today, you don't know how good you got it.
I used to jerk off uphill both ways to school.
That's right.
You had to work for it back then.
You had to hunt and gather.
That's right.
I wonder
about the female side of it
because there's the myth that women aren't
visually stimulated. There's the myth that women
I'd be willing to bet
but I'm also very willing
to be wrong about this. I'd be willing to bet
there's probably a huge difference in the amount
of
porn that women consume, etc.
But I've had enough conversations
with enough confessional women
to know that
there's a myth that they don't
fart and they never watch porn.
They do both.
They usually at the same time.
That's a stereotype
that does hold up. It turns them on for some reason.
That's why they don't like
women fart because
they think farts are really sexy
but only when they do it
themselves and they don't want
anyone around. Farts sound like
a beautiful glass flute
and it's
a Tolkien-esque.
If a man hears a woman
fart, he'll be drawn to the ocean
and he'll drown himself
and they don't want to do that to us
because they're one with the tide.
Right.
And the road
goes ever on.
Ah, Led Zeppelin.
But
I am curious about the female perspective
on not only porn in general but
more importantly the fact that
now it has changed from a world
where you used to
really have to be
dedicated to
a short
you had to take physical action
to seek out
pornography at some point. It's changing
into a world where, no, everyone's
private life and private thoughts
are sort of like their own business
and they're all digital now. Has that
and we'll never be able to measure this because how do you ask
people and how do you measure it but
have women
increased their
pornographic
consumption?
Has their outlook changed
as a result?
You know, there's all
a million fascinating questions that only
that I can't answer.
Only Thor can answer in heaven.
I'll explain my religion
in a minute.
It's sort of a fusion of pop culture
and evangelical Christianity.
I want to
be a Christian but I don't want to read anything
except comic books so
when you die Iron Man
weighs your soul
against Thor's hammer
I'm not surprised Dave Kline
is a Thor fan.
So did I take that
to mean that you, did you marry
a younger lady? I married a younger
yes. We've talked about that.
First wife was older
actually, second wife is younger.
Ah, you old dog.
Did you
I was talking about, I don't know
when you got here.
I threw out my back yesterday and I
I'm sorry baby.
The
I was listening
to a 90s alternative station
while I was soaking my bad back and they had
a hip pain commercial
on the 90s alternative hits.
Anyways, I started to feel old today
not necessarily in a bad way but
I was just curious like thresholds that you've
crossed where
like
if you recall any
I don't know major events
I remember punching the dashboard of
my car on New Year's Eve because I
had just turned 26 and I was like
I'm wasting my fucking life
and I physically
punched the dashboard of my car until it broke
because I was like 26 fucking years old
what have you done
and I was screaming
it to myself alone
on New Year's Eve.
You were alone on New Year's Eve?
That's probably what I was mad about.
And I
wanted to make it about
my
industriousness.
Wow, that's really sad.
I mean I did, I
usually went to the movies on New Year's
Eve. I didn't have any
I don't remember any like
moments of sort of
huge
threshold
experiences where I was
smashing stuff or anything like that
because of a threshold
I mean I used to do stuff like that
but not for any reason.
What did you
smash stuff for? Oh just
to get stuff out and
when I lived in New York
I used to throw knives into the wall
I
had a wall that was where
I would just, you know, late at night
throw knives into it.
Kitchen knives? Just steak knives?
Yeah, yeah.
But I just did that to kill time really.
Yeah, I used to
throw knives when I was younger and
Aaron got me some throwing knives but I don't have the time
to set up a target or anything
and
I used the wall.
I didn't have to set anything up.
Throwing knives is very, very, it's very relaxing.
It's something when you're in your 20s you feel like
you're doing something cool and
it's phallic and you're throwing knives.
I was going to say it's like very, it can't be anything.
You figure that it's something, you know, that cool
people did.
Right, in like a tavern
over a flagon of ale. Exactly.
But really all you're doing is taking a little
metaphor for your ineffective penis
and fucking a wall with it. Exactly.
Because you're just like any other
piece of fucking garbage.
Oh god, yes I know.
Did you
destroy that wall? Pretty much.
But I mean it was an apartment that you wouldn't
notice in particular
so it wasn't a big deal.
But, you know,
you know, you do those things
but I was not,
I didn't smash anything
because I was getting old.
Oh wow, I really got through my whole list.
It's a terrible show.
There's French rappers
staying at the Airbnb next to us.
I mean I could start ripping out their ears. You mean when you're down in San Diego?
No.
Oh, thank you. God damn it.
Jesus, we have lots to talk about. San Diego.
We're going to be at San Diego next week.
Yes you are. I really do.
Yeah, and... Are you coming, Curtis?
I'm going there but not when you're there.
I'm going earlier.
When? I'm going
Thursday. We're going to be down there Thursday
but not when we're doing the show.
Not when you're doing the show.
Yeah, Padgett Brewster is going to be down there but she's down there.
She said, you're not there till Thursday, right?
And they said, yeah, how early are you supposed to go?
She said, she's going down Wednesday.
I'm like, what are you going to help
a TV guide set up their yacht?
Exactly.
I don't understand.
It's such a social thing. It's an amazingly social thing.
I was actually going down there
because I got invited
because I've never been to Comic-Con
as a fan and yet I'm a huge fan
and I want to go to Comic-Con
as a fan
but then I always get wind up getting
tagged and I never wind up
actually doing what I want to do.
Usually I go there because I'm selling
something like everybody else.
When you say tag, do you mean like...
They spot you.
Yeah, because I'm wandering around
and they think I'm there for Comic-Con
as a...
like I'm selling something.
Usually I'm just there
to look at things that I like
and so this time
I've been invited to go
because I'm a big fan
of Orphan Black
and they're down there
and they invited me to come down.
So I'm going to go as a fan to Orphan Black
but then I'm also going to see
Thursday night the Baker Street Babes
which is
an all women's Sherlock Holmes group
that I'm connected with.
What's this
Sherlock Holmes group?
Well, it's a group of people
who study the sacred writings.
Oh, they study, okay.
It's all women.
It's a new group.
They formed in New York
as sort of a cheeky response
to the old guard Sherlockians of New York
and
they're going to be there.
So I'm going to go down and play with them
but that's what happens is you go down
to what the pageant's doing.
She's going down to just
play with people.
Mm-hmm.
Is it a performance?
The Sherlock people?
They've got a booth and stuff
and we're just going to...
When you say play you mean literally just hang out
because I know them from New York.
So yeah
and if you ever want to get away from the
and just float freely through the crowd
you get to graduate
and dress like a stormtrooper or something.
I know, I know. I was going to do that
and this all happened at the last minute
so I don't have time to put the costume together
or I would have done that.
What would you go as if you could go as any costume character?
I was going to go
as one of the characters
that Tatiana Maslany plays
in Orphan Black.
I wasn't going to just cosplay
for the first time.
I was going to drag cosplay.
And I was going to play
I was going to play Helena
who's the psychotic killer
and
but then I realized I had to do it
properly and I didn't have time to do it properly
so now I just say the hell with it
I'm going to wander around and whatever happens happens.
Erin is
supposedly
cooking up a little combo
costume for us that I encouraged
her to do.
I hope she can pull off
and she usually tends to.
What is your show going to be down there?
Where do you do that?
Funny you should ask.
We're going to be at the tin roof
in the gas lamp district
gas light, gas lamp
get to the gas light
you've gone too far and you want to go
but it's still a lamp
but not all the way to the light bulb
that's way too far.
If you get to gas town you're in Vancouver.
It's at the tin roof in the gas lamp light
and it's
on Sunday night so
stay the extra night if you can
there's still seats
available as far as I know but it's a
good size crowd it'll be a good show anyway
but here's incentive
if you need it there's going to be Erin's
been making merchandise and stuff
there's going to be
limited edition MC John
t-shirts
I guess
in order to make them truly limited edition
we will only sell them
that night
and
really the only reason we'll sell them instead of giving away
is because we couldn't make enough to give away
and then bring them on the bus so we'll just have them
there available
and I think there's another t-shirt
she's working on and I know there's a print
of a shadow run
poster.
It's made by the same guy who did
the D&D line art drawing
from the first tour it's Anthony Suarez
did this shadow run group
of the gang
and I think there's going to be a free Rick and Morty
poster that you can get to
and the drawing is Dr.
Friend, Kumail or should it more rightly
be Curtis? It's Kumail
It's Kumail!
It's alright, I understand
I think it's really funny to imagine
this Kumail troll but then it's
your voice coming out of it like
I'm a doctor
I really like that mental image personally
so it's good
so yeah
come, come, come there
come, come, come all
come, come everywhere and bring your scarf and shawl
I'm the little show promoter
and I'm three feet tall
come, come over there
come, come to the south
come, come on your feet
come, come in my mouth
I'm a little show promoter
I'm three feet tall
I'm a tree
all I do is promote shows
all that I see
please go to see Rob Schneider at the
truck show
he was in Dukes of Hazard and now he's nowhere to go
because his car had a racist flag on it
I'm a little show promoter
and I wear a bonnet
it was my mom's idea
she made me a baby
I wanna fuck her or kill her or maybe
wait
I disagree
three feet tall show promoter
why do you wanna fuck or kill your mother
you try being born
three feet tall and not having fucking
psychosexual issues
with your mother that made you wear a bonnet
were you listening to the lyrics
I live in a fucking tree
that would fuck anyone up
if you have that much pent-up rage
what made you become a show promoter
I need that hug
you can only get from a stranger
what the fuck
why not be a performer yourself
why not go into actually being
in the show, why only promote other people's
creativity
look at this scar on my face
I didn't see it
thanks for saying that
you were facing the other way
I like to be close to talent
and I like to help it
I don't feel comfortable on stage
it's not a choice that I make
did you ever try when you were younger to be on stage
I dabbled
I'm fine with it
I'll be on stage, I'll do it if you want to
but I don't have to
I don't have to
I think those people are crazy
I don't have to, I like to promote it
I like what I do, I think what I do is creative
why are you only three feet tall
is that a congenital thing
I made a choice
at a very ill advised fair
I tell people don't go
there's a lot of questionable
vendors there
I did get my name on a grain of rice
but
also I had
most of my
lower torso removed
I thought it was
I thought he meant for a picture
so you're not just a little person
you're a regular-sized person with no legs
I paid for this
it's the fucked up thing
so you can imagine I'm a man
with no country
I go to little people conventions
actually no I don't anymore
they're fucking assholes
to me
and
I think you know how your people treat me
so I
do what I do, I hang out
and I'm not bitter
and
I promote shows
whenever I start singing
people start clapping automatically
which makes me feel
can I ask you a question
and this is off the record
are you excited about
the Harmontown Bing in the Gaslight
or Lamp District
or is that you just
clocking in doing your job singing the song
a good promoter remains objective
you know
like I always tell people
your craft is what you do
my craft is promotion
so for instance I just finished
you know frankly and this isn't going to win me any popularity
contests but what the fuck is
I just finished
doing some radio spots for a Ku Klux Klan
rally
we have audio back there
Justin let's roll that clip
come one come all come
to the Ku Klux Klan
I'm going to print some crosses and talk about
minorities being bad
and color being red
I have a Ku Klux Klan
you should come to our rally
grand wizard you should come
and we're going to wear white and
our hats are pointy and we're going to
march around and jump around and have good
times and there's a daycare center
if you bring your kids
and there's horseshoes
it's 9-11 it's 9-11
I forgot to ask you
last question
three feet tall
show promoter
what's your name
so we can have a t-shirt
tie
T-A-Y-E
were you born
T-A-Y-E or are you reinventing
yourself
my given name is
Jonathan Tye Brigston
my father Jonathan
was a narcissistic asshole
so I go
by my middle name it is no less
my name it was the only way to tell me
from him when you called my house
is John there oh which one
who subjects someone to that
I go by my middle name
what was the booth where they cut your legs
off at the fair
a tiny
tiny tiny you
exclamation
points
and it had pictures of people
and they were
given height
and then next to them was like before
after and they were smaller I thought it was
gag photography
so you didn't wish you were actually smaller
you thought it would be a photo
I thought I would walk out of there
with a photo
so they removed your legs
they took some of my lower torso
enough
you have a small intestine and a large intestine
they took
most of my large intestine
took some of my small intestine and moved it down
there to take its place
they took a tiny bit of my small intestine
because it's smaller and you can't live with
most of it
gone
they
they cut my
thigh
and my
they cut my legs off at the hip
cut my thighs
and my calves in half
and then took half of each
and hinged them
with these
with my own kneecaps
and then did this similar thing
with my arms
they just wanted me to be
is tiny
me still in existence?
tiny you
and here's the thing that I'm not telling you
because it embarrasses me
and makes me the villain of this story instead of the victim
but I've told my story and no one cares
which is why I work in promotion now
the truth of it is
on my way
into the fair
Burning Man
I ran over a dwarf family
on
on the way in
parking was hard
I don't know if you've been to Burning Man
it's all about
being a hippie and all this stuff
but it's fucking hard to park
and it gets frustrating and I was
a different person back then
I ran over a dwarf family
got out of the car
did you kill them? did they survive?
I got out of the car
sorry
I ran to the
only remaining living
dwarf
was this a child or one of the adults?
was an elderly woman dressed in
I guess what I would describe as shamanic
attire
as I reached for her
to ask if she was okay
she had insurance
her hand gripped my face
and her toothless mouth
hissed
sharder
I laughed it off
you must have thought she was just a big Stephen King fan
yeah I said
that's ridiculous
let's get you to a hospital
and then the stupid me
and this is the part that's really embarrassing
when I saw that booth
I said to my wife wouldn't this be hilarious
given the events earlier
so yeah
I deserve it
is that what you want to
that's the conclusion everyone
that hears the story comes to
I stopped telling it
so I'm in promotion
and it's on other people
it's a little embarrassing
when you go into tiny you
and you're in the booth and it's not a photograph thing
there's actually a surgical procedure that happens
do they knock you out
are you
are you alert during this procedure
okay you're going to drag
every embarrassing detail out of this
I'm only asking because
this is riveting shit
this is very
I was on
already I was at Burning Man
I took peyote but that's why I hit the Dwarven family
I was
every drug known to man
there was no police came there was no
there's no cops at Burning Man bro
you want cops
go to the G8 summit
motherfucker
so
okay so you got peyote
you're going to tiny you
peyote mescaline
I put a tiny
peyote and mescaline
just covering
your bases they call it a curve ball
you do those at the same time
I have
three Ritalin
and I think
a little bit of a couple tutors
a coke and
some poppers of Amel
and a little bit of VHS
head cleaner to dilate my sphincter
just in case
back then I cared
how big it was
what do they call Amel nitrate poppers and VHS head cleaner
well
Amel nitrate poppers
it puts you in the mood
is there a nickname like curve ball
for doing those both
that's just called a garage
because
it opens you up and then
with the urge to host
a car
so you
you
you're driving down to Burning Man
you're on a curve ball and a garage
a couple tutors of coke
just to take the edge off
you murder
a family of little people
the cops don't come
because they're not there
they're at the G8
you and your wife
go too far
wow
fucking so high right now
there's a booth there called TinyU
you go in there, who do you meet
what's the person that works at
like
I want to know everything
first of all
why isn't there like a date line
on TinyU
like
why haven't this terrible
company not been outed for
they conduct their business
in the back alleys
and Burning Man's of the world
and they get away with it
this is something I've been screaming about
but no one wants to hear my story
and as you've noticed
when I get enthusiastic about anything
everyone starts clapping because I'm fucking
yeah, yeah
it's hard being me and being dehumanized
you know and takes me seriously
it's like I'm a leprechaun all the time
and everyone just keeps clapping
by talking in rhymes sometimes
but I don't try to all the time
this is exactly what happened
in the courtroom
and I left
I left, I stormed out
one of the problems is
because my legs are made of half
femur, half calf
when I storm out
it looks like dancing
and of course
they didn't do it precisely
so one leg is shorter than the other
so I dance in a circle
so I start saying
things I'm passionate about
everyone starts clapping
I get mad, I want to leave
I'm dancing in a circle
and this is my life
so I'm in promotion
and I like it
my name is Ty Brigston
and I'm a new classic Harmontown character
that
is really offensive
and
wow, thanks for coming Ty
yeah, okay
good morning
morning zoo team
let's get Damorge out here
Damorge!
DeMorge Brown
yes sir
hey Damorge, not because
you're black but because you're my black friend
that I am
I know you're not
you're not an ambassador of your race
far from it
the things this guy does
but I just personally
how do you feel about
when you see a fast food commercial
that's like
targeting
have you been?
you know all those Burger Kings with Joel McHale
I'm the black guy in those ads
but being the black guy in
but I'm talking about the ads where
it is black and the soundtrack
it's been a running thing
with me
because there are certain ads that have black people in them
and they're just ads with black people
and then there are ads that are black
and the best example I can give
of this is I had an audition once
and I had an agent who was like
I know you've had four today
I'm going to send you on a fifth
you gotta go
because I can't believe this is real
and I had a clause
of my thing
like when I first signed with them they said
is there anything you won't do
and I said I won't do cigarette stuff
and no KFC
and this is
and she said it's a KFC thing
just go please do it for me
you'll never I know just go
and you'll see what I mean
and so I get there and there's two ads
there's a black ad and there's a white ad
and the white ad is that there's a guy
who's got a yellow corvette
and there's a girl next to him
and he's eating chicken fingers
and she's like oh I just want to try it
I just want to get in it
and ultimately she's talking about the chicken fingers
oh my god
it's like an old Henry novel
she thought he was talking about the car
the black ad
is
incredibly different
and the room
is different everybody's in the same room
but the white people are sort of just hanging out chatting
and then there are these black
and I know that these are actors
these are stage actors people who know the story
dying laughing they're sitting in their seats
and you see these people going
I'm gonna eat that chicken
we're gonna eat that chicken
and I get the script and the script says
it opens with a description
the THA boys
are watching the game
mama's in the kitchen
fixing up some kitchen fresh chicken
because
they were trying to take the word fried out of
Kentucky Fried Chicken
and then apparently what happens is
the mom
the wife of one of the three guys
watching the game comes in
sees the mom in there and gets jealous
she's been shopping shopping
and then she gets upset
so I'm looking at this
I'm looking at these guys and then there's three of us
we go in the room and the guy sets with the audition
the audition is like this
we're gonna do the ad three times once for each of you guys
and I'm gonna give notes
the cast directors I'll give notes
the first guy
gives his best shot the first line is
the woman comes in she goes what are you guys doing
and the guy's first line is
the line is written
eating kitchen fresh chicken
and the guy says eating
kitchen fresh chicken it's subtly as best
as he can the guy gives notes
and he says
no notes to him to the wife
you should be really mad
you see this mom is in here
and she's in your territory so
I don't know if you've ever seen Rolanda
but your next gotta pop and you gotta
and mama if you could just
really make that chicken for us
anyway go and then the second take
they come around and come to me
and I've already decided I'm gonna do this
snagglepuss boys for the line
so I
they come to me
and then she says the line
and you know glistening a bit at this point
and I say eating a
kitchen fresh
the guy comes over
no notes for me
honestly I don't know if you've
seen Rolanda but you
like the women they get upset and you gotta
and mama honestly
with the chicken you know maybe if you open up more
we'll see more of you so we can do that
the third guy
tops me he does this
he did it
and the craziest part about it is
I get a callback
I go to the
callback that dude is there
not the other guy
so I'm like
look at this I go there's gotta be somebody in a room
that said I want to see these guys again
we're paired together
oh yeah that's definitely an inside job there
so I get outside
I get out of the room because I can see them
they're there and the client
is enjoying their time in LA
they're loving their time in LA
so they're ordering Peking duck and then mad
because what do you mean they have to call ahead
it takes eight hours to make Peking duck some shit like that
and so they're very much like
they're the people who wrote the ad
or approved it or did whatever
and I'm looking at this guy and the guy goes
you gonna do the same thing
and I said
yeah probably am
and then the door flies open
and this Allie McGraw
woman walks out
live lovely
riding boots up to here a white
fisherman sweater with a blue marijuana leaf
on it doesn't even look
at us takes out a cigarette
takes a drag blows it straight into the air
then looks at us out of the corner
where I smiles and goes in a room and I go
that's the wild card and I go
and I bet you anything there's a black guy in there
and he's probably wearing a polo
and his name is
George
and he just wants a corner office and they probably
said oh shit run by George and George said
oh yes great and we go in the
room and there's a dude in a lavender polo
sitting in a corner
with a bristly mustache and his head's down
he's flipping through notes and he looks up and then he looks down right away
and we did the same thing
they called me to give me the job
and I was like what
kitchen fresh
in the room with them I said
with no intention of doing the job
I have no idea
I really don't know I don't think it ultimately I don't think it matters
and I think even if they recognize that that's what you're doing
they will
they realize that on the day if you're the actor they think
you are and they think very little often
sometimes when they're making those types of ads
of actors they think well we get them on the day
the actor will do the thing
you think there's full awareness of what's going on there
somewhere in the production company
or somewhere somebody's notes
I'm 42 years old
I'm lucky enough to have been doing shit for 20 years
that involved directing people
tweaking performances and stuff
and I have at least
at least four
occasions had to ask a black
performer to basically black it up
because it was
part of the
no murder he grabs
I think you need to march
you need to do it
because I was doing straight reads on the lines
but there's always this brick wall
where we all know what's going on
there's this uncomfortable moment
it's almost like a reverse handshake
where Jordan Peele
came in and did
this time monster
the dialogue was written
we wrote it for
Key and Peele
the idea was these fourth dimensional
time monster creatures come in
and their dialect is like
they're very black
but
very
and it's not my friend
kitchen fresh chicken
as in
but you know when you talk about those ads
for example Adolf Caesar
one time when I was learning to get
I had a wonderful voice over teacher for commercials
in Boston and she gave me a Don Buchwald
audition tape one time
I think Adolf Caesar's voice was on there
every black ad ever
from one of the greatest actors of all time
and you'll recognize it's the guy that said
a mind is a terrible thing to waste
that guy and he had like a BC powder
aspirin like aspirin powder ad
was like you got a dirty low down
rotten headache
every ad was amazing
and he's in an ad I saw this
only one time during the Grammys
when I was a kid and I don't know where this ad is
if they find it it will go viral
it was a black McDonald's ad
I think targeted at the Grammys
with James Brown in it
but only for a moment and it's black kids in a McDonald's
going oh they run up to the show
and it's like James Brown concert
sold out and they're like oh man
we didn't make it in time
hey fellas look across the street
there's McDonald's we're gonna make a deal
oh it's alright
when there's not enough James Brown
I'm gonna get a big man what are you gonna get
I don't know but I know when I get up there
and then they're waiting in line
so far this is a great commercial
this is why I don't know
I only saw this once the door
flies open in the last second
the door flies open James Brown
comes in the entire thing on one leg
and he goes it's a good time
for the great taste of McDonald's
and then the guys high five
end of ad and then while it's going on
I think it's Adolf Caesar's voice at the end
it's like you know
what's up get on down
to Mickey D
okay so
original question
you can find that ad
you gotta get up to get down
so forget as an actor okay so
you were in the trenches
on the actor side
can you compartmentalize as a viewer
when those commercials come on
what happens to you and your brain
I was a kid I recognized it immediately
as a black ad and I put it in my black ad
trunk
which is you see them all
it's like they were markedly low risk
and they were markedly worse on average
it was always oh it's black grandmother
there's black birthday she's going a black
Pontiac
let's hope she gets her black
loan like it was always at mama
try out the bucket seats you know
it was always that kind of stuff as opposed to
just other ads which were subtle and
weirder and stuff but what was great was
there were other ads with black people in them
that didn't even target race like there was a
little Caesar dad or something
no no it was the same people who made the little
Caesar's ads made an ad
for like a sale at a
department store sale or something like that
and they cut
to all these different people who were like
I wish I had known about
the sale and then they cut to this one black
guy who's in the ad he dominates
the ad and he's a hot dog
vendor and he goes I'm holding my weenie
and poof my woman was gone
and that's like another
black it's just the ad is just
people everywhere go to this sale
and this guy steals it just by being himself
usually the old little Caesar ads the ones I had
the dog and different ones where they were like
really odd and strange and arch
so jury's out
yeah I mean they're horrible
they're like I think that they're I think
they're horrible and I but I think what's happened is
we're all starting to get the clearest
picture it's the same thing about soccer
perceptions of soccer and that kind of stuff and like
I've never known a world where soccer didn't rule
and everybody was into it and it was a thing
and I grew up along most people who I think
for a while like oh no no never catch on it's like
everybody I know played it and in black
there's a world where
I know that everybody
my relatives my friends and their relatives they buy
everything that everybody else buys our consumer
dollars worth everything everybody else's is
but also people made fun of that movie Rachel's
wedding because they're like no combinations of
people f of any ethnicity exists like
this and do these kinds of things that's all I ever
knew growing up and I knew grew up
around all these people these perceptions
of the world are now
commonplace and so you get ads where it's
you know black ads that are subtle and
delightful you get ads that are
that are target to everybody but are
primarily
black just by ethnicity because they're putting
a black family on for the first time or black
husband and wife or
couples of mixed ethnicity
confusing is because when you go like what
what is television's role and what is the
that's what always like like makes my
brain turn into a balloon animal because I'm like
on what you know Norman Lear started
doing sitcoms that were like hey what if
you know what if what if we treated
this segment of the
viewing audience as if they also
were human beings which entails
something that any on any other
day you could go like well that's also
you know like like it just
twists my fucking brain and I'll
go to my grave awkward this is just what awkward
racially obsessed awkward can't
fuck up on my grave and I
spend his life trying to figure out
where the whole all of it is all about the fact
that we're capable of so much more our brains
are capable of holding all of it in
and we don't have to necessarily
continue to
generalize to get
wider to understand
everything on infinite detail we can actually
stay on macro and
take everything in at its own
detail and say you know like
when Tiger Woods was first becoming a thing
and he's like look my mom's time
my dad's black but there's also Mixer's parentage
and me of other things so you're telling me
that you want me to tell you what I am once you just
ask me about the golf game and not worry about
that shit. Which is great that's like why
the transgender movement might be the
the Christ of this
you know because
because there will never be a
I shouldn't say this is gonna I'm sure this will
get twisted into something inflammatory
but believe me
there will never be
there will never be such a
it's never gonna be like
look out the window at all those transgender
people senator
like there's gonna be
I mean there's 700,000
you know
out openly transgender
people right now and there's you can probably
there's a lot of people I'm just saying like
we can't keep waiting for this they're like this little tiny
key that could unravel the whole thing because
the
John Oliver just did this
piece on his show about the whole
transgender thing and it really just again like flip
flop my brain about everything because
like we're it's one thing to talk
about this culturally but now it's like there's laws
they're passing laws in different
places that you have to use the bathroom
that corresponds to the
genitalia that you were born with
not the gender that you identify
with so there and they're
running ads for like these local
referendums that are like
they'll show a little girl
going into a women's room and then
a dude with a baseball cap
and a goatee looking around and then going into
the women's room after her and saying
this is what you're voting for
or this you know because because there's because
the idea is that if you identify as
as a the idea is that that guy
in the baseball cap can say
I identify as a woman so I'm gonna go molester
girl in the bathroom like as if that's
that's the slippery slope we're on and
my point is like there's like there's
torturous things happening to people who
represent really the end all be all
of like the final thresholds that we
really thought we could call thresholds
and and I think what you're saying
is that the macro statement like we can
live in the macro we have the capacity
for it we're primates we we can do it
and and the
the guy in the four agreements said
the same thing
our brains are designed
to experience everything
at the same time we're back our brains
are our brains are not designed
to have they don't have to always
have like this this flashlight
beam that only shines on one
thing and thinks about one thing at once
we can think a million things at once
and the and we can we can definitely
think like well like let's
for instance you could you could you could
definitely decide as a society
to go well let's make sure everybody's
happy like like you could you could
build that as the bottom foundation
you could build everything else on top of it
but we're we
we're living in a world that was created
like so long ago by people that
didn't even see these days coming when
these questions could we would have the luxury
of answer asking these questions but
but the the I don't know I just got excited
when you said that because I was thinking about that
piece and like feeling the guilt inside of me
and going like oh my god well
like like like that's what this
transgender like concept is
doing to people right now is
like we're all going
oh I don't know
I've heard myself say out loud
like oh come on you know
like about various things like I thought that's
where you could draw the line like well give me a break
and it's like well we're
why are you drawing the line there and it's like we'll take that
line away and take that line away and take that line away
what do you think the worst case scenario is
where everything is just how people
want it to be like like
like what what do you think would happen
and and I just
wanted to co-opt what
you were saying and turn it into a transgender piece so
but I feel
I feel like it's the skeleton key
it's the redefinition of television one of the things that's
helped in that because it used
to be that there were only certain programs
on so there were only certain
shadings of people that
you saw and then you would meet
you'd go out in the world especially your adventurous
you leave your town and you meet these people
who whose only experience
with somebody like you is never
they've never seen anybody like you but what they relate
to it via generalization is
oh Raj
on what's happening or something like that and I think
oh this guy must like this and this
and if I refer I still to this day
if I go into
a footlock or something this is not to call them out
but it's happened every time I go in there
you know and I and I and I just poke
there and I poke my head in they're like
how's it going sir how's it going sir hey bro what can I do
for you and it's and this is not
you know I'm not this is not
literally black and white
you think
there was a footlocker I went
to see a movie and I walked past
a footlock I didn't go in it and they were giving away
Michael Jordan Cologne
with a bonus prize
and the guys talking I can hear them in a walk-up
talk to everybody I already know in my head a
I love Michael Jordan but I'm not going to buy
a cologne because I have David Beckham's
cologne but
but I'm walking past it and a dude
and the dude it's called
instinct by the way and it's amazing it has a
magnetic cap are you wearing it now
no no no I'm wearing a combination of other stuff
so I walk
I walk past I walk past it
you're going to give us a breakdown
it's not on the wrist today
it's probably it's probably faded
I think I'm in love
the guys at the
you should make it back
the guys at the table
turned to me and said
try Michael Jordan Cologne today
and I just I said guys no I'm not
and before I could finish that
the one on the end said
you get a free basketball
because they were giving away red and black
Michael Jordan Vassels for the thing and I just looked at it
and I walked over and I go
if you ever in your lifetime ever see me again
do not speak to me
or say the word basketball to anybody around
me within a 300 yard radius
are you out of your fucking mind and I just sort of walked up
and that was just my I was just pissed
it was a rage moment I didn't need to
but you know what that is obviously since it was
part of a promotion you can you're guaranteed
you know that they were but they offered nobody
in the walk up to me a basketball
oh they were picking and choosing
Beverly Center they never
Beverly Center it was like one of the never
but I'm the last guy in and the basketball became
part of the incentive and I was just like man
maybe the word wasn't basketball maybe
it was free I don't but there's no part
of that that unlocks the key that makes that right
I want a free basketball
it was like you could
I would love a free basketball
dude get over there
but you're saying they wouldn't get me one
they wouldn't offer to you but you would get it
it's part of the deal
the cologne would be the thing
but they didn't put that in the pitch
not to anybody in the walk up
the idea would be you can
turn down the cologne
down
the free basketball
QED
it all comes down to dehumanization
that's always the theme and that's why again
that's again the skeleton
key aspect of the transgender thing is because
it's people going
I choose
this even though
it's difficult for me and all this stuff
it's
it might be our final invitation to
realize that everything leading up
to it has always been about dehumanization
whether you're laughing about people being
grouped together with certain characteristics
the final thing is
we can do all of that anytime we want
as long as everybody understands
that every individual you see
is always an individual and you can't
make any assumptions about them
and it's being hammered into our
brains and the harder
the hammer gets pounded the more
I feel myself
my system goes into a shock and then I relax
and I'm like oh thanks
that got hammered in
keep hammering it and hammering it
until I can finally look around
and only see individuals
and never stop get
shake this thing where we're thinking like
well you know the Irish
and it's like why because it comforts us
it gives us understanding of a world full of people
and people scare us and we go like
you laugh with your friends and go like that fucking Irish
you know he's Irish
I thought I was Irish for 20 years
and I found out I'm fucking British
anyways
let's move on
we did our weird springer's
final thoughts segment of the
thing
I wonder if
in upcoming weeks we're going to see more
of Ty Brickston
I hope he comes back to the show
alright so
and then speaking of
individuals and dehumanization and stuff
we've had this ongoing conversation but this is one of those nights
we've had nothing but men up on stage
and I think and she doesn't
this is the important key she doesn't have to play
Mercy O'Donnell
necessarily but we should get
we need one helper up here right
and I say
make it a lady with my proactive
campaign
I'm wearing a blanket first
alright well
I mean you spoke up that's enough
I did
come on up
alright
it's important to my
to my wife that it's not because of the
scared it's because of the just because of the
volition what's your name
Darcy hello Darcy how are you
I'm doing well I'm excited to be here
thanks everyone alright so we got
we got enough people right yep we got
enough people
Darcy you have an awesome Archedito tattoo
on your left arm yes I do thank you
very well done I also have Bender
and I also have
thank you I have to take off my clothes
I also have the I have tattoos
what's your weirdest one
my weirdest one
probably the
shit man I don't know
none of them are super weird I have
my Bender probably it's
do you have a tattoo that you regret I asked my brother
my brother's 20 tattoos
he regrets none of them
yes
when I was 22
I got divorced and I got
a back tattoo in Japanese it means
freedom
so yeah one day I'll get it covered
and I'll be alright
like a tramp stamp
yes yes tramp stamp freedom
I just realized that
there might be somebody like
that hasn't seen the show before
and we haven't explained what we're doing
these vanilla folders are coming out
are they gonna eat me
it's tax time again
are they gonna start praying and then dip me
into a cauldron of
stew
Darcy you hip to the jive right
you know what our shadow run is right
vaguely yes I'm a little behind
because I have a lot of podcasts
but I do know what shadow run is
you have you're on a lot of podcasts
are you listening to a lot of podcasts
I wish no I listen to a lot of podcasts
what's your favorite one
well
I know I love Harmontown
I got to catch Dead Authors
I'm from out of town so this is my first Harmontown
and
that's why I felt
free to shout
let me do it
and I'm a little
but I love Dead Authors
and they're stopping soon so I was able to catch that
I
what was it I didn't get the name of that
there's podcasts with Paul
Paul you know Paul
does it a bunch
I wish he'd been there I love him
I'll tell him he said so
throwing shade
judge Don Hodgman
lady to lady
comedy bang bang I love of course
that's
you ready to rock and roll Darcy
Spencer do we have a guest announcer
this one was
guest recapper John from LA
you ready to go
yeah yeah yeah
last run
oh sorry
I'll let you finish
fuck Jeff wait start it over man
that was fucked up
I thought he wasn't going to go and right when I did
he started talking
he just had the same instinct
to go right at the right moment
right yeah the one I was going to go at
I mean it's a natural instinct
you see you can't
you can't do it
last run on Shadow Time
Harmontown Time Shadow
we last saw the gang
at Jim Nightblade's apartment
engaged in a standoff with Jesse Yellowman
Jesse a street samurai
and the protege of captured
scientist Baldwin Brown was trying
to convince the team
to forfeit their pay data
warning of dire consequences if they
failed to do so
Nightblade fired his grappling gun out the window
for no reason and then a firefighting
sued Hordegaard
was able to subdue Jesse with a blast
of shock ammo from his rifle allowing
the team to tie up the incapacitated
vigilante for
delivery to their mysterious Johnson
then Eve Liberteam started
operating landscaping equipment
and farting because this show is improvised
will the team
manage to get paid or will their
employer double cross them
find out dot dot dot
now dot
thank you Spencer
yeah man
and thanks again to John from LA
as always I spent
the recap going like
did I talk about race too much
so I didn't listen at all
so I have no idea what
we took Jesse Yellowman
captives to give him to our
Johnson as a show of good faith
oh we got him
he's knocked down and tied up yeah
so let's take him
back to the Johnson and say
this is what happens
sometimes people offer us more money
to
double cross you we're saying
fuck that shit we got the guy
seven voices gone
hey uh
you know
two things occur to me
one is
is this gonna be about race
no it's like 2075
I'm like
30% Cherokee
uh
the uh
um
it skips a generation
one is the simple code of the street samurai
which says you know this guy kind of
I took a tried to stun him and he
was faster and
kind of feel like a chump bringing him in
the other is
he's talking a lot of stuff about how
the stakes are
kind of big
he's saying
we're dealing with something like
I don't know man I keep going back and forth
about this I guess I'm not really a good
shadow runner or a good
thinker
maybe we could split the diff
and set the guy free without
totally fucking him over
our rationale was that we got to do our job
but this ain't our job
you know turn and snitch on a fucking
fellow
shatter
here's a pitch why don't we take him
and leave him somewhere safe
with a little note like we write a little
note that says like we could have turned
you over we didn't
like a warning
yeah like
we're not gonna turn you in and get you in trouble
but you know
leave it be
and let him know that we were cool about it
why don't we take a look at some of these files
with somebody that knows what they mean you know too
I agree with that but also let's take a look
at what we're handing over to the man
nobody said we couldn't do that
you know what I'm saying
what files
I'm sorry the files we got from
Baldwin Brown yeah let's check him out
okay somebody smart
here
mercy mercy you're smart
oh yes
let me look at these files that I have
what the fuck is in the files
they're on a data chip
you find it's encrypted
some high level stuff it's gonna take
a real hacker to figure this out
we need a hack guy
is hack guy with us
no
hack guy can we
hack guy's not with us
talking to him on the phone
oh you got him
you guys talk to him I talk too much
let mercy talk to him
hack guy hey what's up
how you doing
where are you at
I'm at home
oh cool
so
where's home at
where are we in relation to your home
don't worry about that
what do you need
we need to unencrypt these files
yeah can I can I send you
a file then man because we gotta
unencrypt this stuff and it's really really important
yeah just upload it
to the matrix
hold on
a joke
Porta God would argue against taking
the secret files that we have
gone through so much trouble to acquire and then
just making them open to everyone to see
what I would might suggest is that if you
can convince him to be a minimal to the idea
perhaps we could either arrange to have
a car sent to him if he could give the specific details
and digits of what he needs
otherwise I could possibly track his location
using some sort of combination
of skills and
mechanisms that I have otherwise
but we could get him and bring him
to us
who are you talking to
I'm speaking to the group
as they suggest into my
colleagues we're sending him an
encrypted file right like
that's not safe to send over the matrix
well there are other encryptors in the world
you're being really uptight about this
this is my job in my lineage
alright alright let's get him
let's get him a car I mean we need it now
is he amenable to the idea
I can meet you at Hank's Last Stand
alright let's do it
let's go to Hank's
no no no no no no no
you arrive at Hank's
Last Stand at the Hall of Justice
you file
out of the Uber and into the dark
comfort of the old
moldy bar you see Hank
cleaning his glass as usual
hot or a hot guy not hot guy
hot guy
is in the corner his corner
his usual corner waiting
well we never discussed what we were
going to do with pink pink pink
pinkie yellowman yeah oh yeah
back in time
I mean
he's tight up in the car out front
right
did we crack a window for him
my pitch
would have been let's restrain
him and put him in the trunk
yeah
of the Uber
oh shit yeah it's an Uber
we put him in the trunk of the Uber
we say to the driver leave the meter running
yeah okay that works
yeah
right mercy go talk
to hack guy give me
encrypted data and talk
your talk
hey hack guy
you got a drink can I get you a drink
oh I'm fine how's it going what do you need
for me we need you to
be a hack guy we need you to do your thing
because we've got
this data excuse
me we've got this data chip
and we need it unencrypted
yeah you do
give it to me
I'll take it I'll take a look at it
so
wait is there a well they won't
they think going on with mercy
I know is there is there
I don't know it seems like you guys are getting a little flirty
this is my bedroom voice
I go to the jukebox and put on some sexy
R&B
and I'm at the bar with Dr. Friend
and
and I just I go
so what do you make of all this shadow running
I don't know man
I have to tell you
as long as I do no harm
I'm okay
it's got to become increasingly hard in this world
it's
it's becoming increasingly hard now
especially with
I
turn the music up on the sexy R&B
there are a lot of things I haven't talked
about with you
listen it's getting it's getting
really hard for me too
so you can you can trust
me talk to me
hey man I'm like
you I don't think you are
man I don't think you have
a clue I used to be legit
I fell down to this world
fell from grace lost my wings
oh no
I thought you meant about me being gay
Hordergaard
Hordergaard goes to the jukebox
and plays the next selection
which is Luto Van Dros
never enough
well I mean
look if we're going there
on the Kinsey scale
truth be told
I call myself 50-50
I'm a little more than that
you know we've been going
on these shadow runs for a long time
I've been keeping everything
kind of low but
I have to tell you that I'm
dealing with feelings about you
oh shit
I mean you in particular
I'm just telling you you don't have to say anything
I'm just letting you know
I appreciate your transparency
I figured you should know
please don't tell anybody it's just between us
of course respect nothing more than privacy
that's why I got into this business
do you know I'm a precog
I can sense your look
and everything about it
what are you guys talking about over there
I'm wondering how it has to mission
how are you guys still working on it
have we found anything out yet
oh yeah I'm just pouring through this data
seriously
I guess we're all pouring through a lot of data
gently nightblade
gently
what does it say
it says all sorts of stuff
it talks about BTL chips
those hot new drugs that kids are using
these days
talks about the mechanisms by which they
damage and degrade the neural pathways
of your brain and it looks like Baldwin Brown
has been doing some research on how to reverse
that damage
we're talking crazy BTLs
imagine if you could just do mountains of cocaine
all day and wake up fresh as a daisy
that's what they're bringing
that's what this research is about
no downsides
to drugs
so somebody who had these files
could either you know I mean
what's the I don't know
it sounds like if you're
moving the bad side
of a dangerous drug
I don't really see a downside
to giving it to Baldwin Brown
no it seems pretty standard
you just fix these neural pathways in the brain
and everything's healthy
I guess the question is
the people that we give this information to
do they want it because they want to use it
or suppress it
or just do it
cliffhanger
thank you Darcy
Darcy everybody
DeMorge Brown
Curtis Armstrong
Spencer Crittenden
Ty Brickston
the embittered three foot tall
promoter
I'm Jeff Davis
your mayor Dan Harmon
thank you all
dry fast
did you get any of that
it's a good show